README.md, before:

## Rspamd Installation for use with Smartermail

:fire: This is a guide to install and configure Rspamd for use with SmarterMail.

Since build 8510 (April 20, 2023) [SmarterMail](https://www.smartertools.com/smartermail/business-email-server) supports the long-awaited spam filtering system called  [Rspamd](https://rspamd.com/).

Rspamd runs on a separate linux server. The installation isn't really hard, but the configuration could be tricky and needs time to understand :bulb: 

:arrow_right: :arrow_right: :bookmark: [Wiki](../../wiki)

### Links:

:link: [Rspamd Documentation](https://rspamd.com/doc/index.html)<br>
:link: [Rspamd Github](https://github.com/rspamd/rspamd)<br>
:link: [Smartertools: Deploying Rspamd For Use With SmarterMail](https://portal.smartertools.com/kb/a3595/deploying-rspamd-for-use-with-smartermail.aspx?KBSearchID=904007)

You found an error, a typo or my english is to bad? Then please open an issue.

### What's next?

Rspamd needs tweaking to combat against spam. New specific modules have to be developed to combat global and country-specific spam and malware.
For this, i will create a new repository soon.

Commit message:

Link to the rules added

README.md, after:

## Rspamd Installation for use with Smartermail

:fire: This is a guide to install and configure Rspamd for use with SmarterMail.

Since build 8510 (April 20, 2023) [SmarterMail](https://www.smartertools.com/smartermail/business-email-server) supports the long-awaited spam filtering system called  [Rspamd](https://rspamd.com/).

Rspamd runs on a separate linux server. The installation isn't really hard, but the configuration could be tricky and needs time to understand :bulb: 

:arrow_right: :arrow_right: :bookmark: [Wiki](../../wiki)

### Links:

:link: [Rspamd Documentation](https://rspamd.com/doc/index.html)<br>
:link: [Rspamd Github](https://github.com/rspamd/rspamd)<br>
:link: [Smartertools: Deploying Rspamd For Use With SmarterMail](https://portal.smartertools.com/kb/a3595/deploying-rspamd-for-use-with-smartermail.aspx?KBSearchID=904007)

You found an error, a typo or my english is to bad? Then please open an issue.

### What's next?

Rspamd needs tweaking to combat against spam. New specific rules have to be developed to combat global and country-specific spam and malware.
I started this already. I can find the files [here](https://github.com/martinschaible/rspamd-rules)
